# Meeting notes for {8-15-19}

Alex, Chris, Laurent, and Ahmad met to discuss the write ups for the vulnerable packages. Alex's write up needed minor fixes in explaining the payload and making that section a paragraph. Chris' write up has some small changes by Laurent to the first section. The sections should be uniform so they look better when being integrated with the slides.

Alex ran through a dry run of how the demos will go. The debugger will be used to walk Comcast through what is happening and how the payload is being passed through and executed by the package. Each demo should be relatively short and to the point. Practice tonight so that at the practice meeting at 12:30pm tomorrow we can iron out any details before the Comcast call at 1pm.

### New Deliverables for Next Meeting (8-16-19 @ 1230 hrs)
- Finish the fixes to the write ups (Alex/Chris) (tonight)
- Add write ups to and finish preparing the Comcast slides (Laurent)
- Practice running through demoing the demos (Alex/Chris)
